index.md, before:

---
layout: splash 
permalink: /
title: "Discover, Learn, Engage with PSKC"
excerpt: "The Psychedelic Society of Kansas City is a vibrant community that explores the transformative potential of psychedelic medicine, art, and culture."
header:
  overlay_color: "#000"
  overlay_filter: "0.5"
  overlay_image: /assets/images/logo.jpg
  actions:
    - label: "Donate"
      url: "https://www.zeffy.com/donation-form/support-the-psychedelic-society-of-kansas-city-championing-education-and-community-engagement-2"
      class: "btn btn--primary"
---
We believe in fostering thoughtful conversations and connections around these emerging fields while advocating for informed, responsible use and supporting efforts to expand awareness and access.

[Join us](/events/) for our monthly meetups, where we gather to share knowledge, spark inspiration, and engage with the latest developments in the world of psychedelics. Each event features a keynote speaker—ranging from drug policy experts to visionary artists—who will illuminate topics such as cutting-edge science, legislative updates, and the integration of psychedelics into health and culture.

Whether you’re a curious newcomer, a seasoned advocate, or a passionate artist, the Psychedelic Society of Kansas City offers a welcoming space to connect, learn, and grow. Together, we’re building a community that supports innovation, creativity, and healing in Kansas City and beyond.

Commit message:

updated the splash banner to the PSKC conference

index.md, after:

---
layout: splash 
permalink: /
title: "Welcome to PSKC"
excerpt: "Come join us this November 15th for the Psychedelic Freedom Conference in Kansas City. We'll be featuring a variety of keynote speakers, panels, and interactive workshops. Register today for the best possible price and to help support the conference."
header:
  overlay_color: "#000"
  overlay_filter: "0.5"
  overlay_image: /assets/images/logo.jpg
  actions:
    - label: "Register"
      url: "https://luma.com/gkp6hqyd"
      class: "btn btn--primary"
---
We believe in fostering thoughtful conversations and connections around these emerging fields while advocating for informed, responsible use and supporting efforts to expand awareness and access.

[Join us](/events/) for our monthly meetups, where we gather to share knowledge, spark inspiration, and engage with the latest developments in the world of psychedelics. Each event features a keynote speaker—ranging from drug policy experts to visionary artists—who will illuminate topics such as cutting-edge science, legislative updates, and the integration of psychedelics into health and culture.

Whether you’re a curious newcomer, a seasoned advocate, or a passionate artist, the Psychedelic Society of Kansas City offers a welcoming space to connect, learn, and grow. Together, we’re building a community that supports innovation, creativity, and healing in Kansas City and beyond.
